docs: increasing the non-interactive desktop heap size (#25357)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/install/windows-service.mdx

The service automatically starts up during/after boot, so you don't need to
launch Nomad from the command-line again.

## Increasing the non-interactive desktop heap size

> If you run Nomad as a Windows service and you indend to run many allocations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run Nomad as a Windows service and you intend to run many allocations
```

Author: oh english 🫠 
thanks for catching this.

> (e.g., more than 50), you may encounter issues with Nomad plugin processes
> being terminated by Windows with errors such as `exit status 0xc0000142`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
, such as more than 50, you may encounter issues with Windows terminating Nomad plugin processes with errors such as `exit status 0xc0000142`
```

style nits:
- remove "e.g."
- use commas instead of parentheses b/c readers often ignore content inside parentheses
- active voice (remove passive "being terminated by")

appearing in the logs. This is due to Nomad's inability to spawn more

> concurrent processes, and can be fixed by manipulating the value of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
concurrent processes, and you may fix this by manipulating the value of
```
style: use active voice

`HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session
Manager\SubSystems` Windows registry key.

This key has a `Windows` value which in turn has a `SharedSection` parameter
that accepts a value of three comma-separated integers, for example,
`1024,20480,768`. The first integer indicates the maximum size of the
system-wide heap, the second is the size of each desktop heap, and the third is
the size of the desktop heap that is associated with a noninteractive Windows

> instance (all values are in kilobytes). For large Windows nodes that run large

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instance. All values are in kilobytes. For large Windows nodes that run large
```
style: remove parentheses

numbers of allocations, we recommend setting the final integer value to 2048 or
4096 kB. Remember that any registry change requires restarting Windows, a

> restart of Nomad service will not be sufficient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
restart of Nomad service is not sufficient.
```

style: use present tense

`HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session
Manager\SubSystems` Windows registry key.

> This key accepts a value of three comma-separated integers, e.g.,

Author: 78da317

Couldn't apply your suggestion because I changed the paragraph in another place in the meantime.
